
Production of processed data files
========================================


Data processing steps
---------------------
**Data that will be available for download, will be processed and aggregatied from their original form.** The following steps were taken to produce processed data:

.. attention::
   This is work in progress. Processed data will be available in the near future. 



Raw data files are maintained separately and due to their large volume, are not made available via the THREDDS server along with the processed data. If your research project requires access to raw simulation data, please contact Nick van de Giesen (N.C.vandeGiesen@tudelft.nl) to request access.

---------------

Georeferencing information
--------------------------

Procesed data will be produce, most likely, using the **Lambert Conformal** projection and the WGS 1984 datum.

---------------

Variables in processed dataset
------------------------------
=============  ====================================================================================  =============  =============  ===============
VARIABLE       DESCRIPTION                                                                           DATA TYPE      UNITS          GEOGRAPHIC DATA
=============  ====================================================================================  =============  =============  ===============
\               \                                                                                       \           \               \
\               \                                                                                       \           \               \
=============  ====================================================================================  =============  =============  ===============

---------------

Time period
-----------

Processed data will be created from raw simulation outputs as they are generated by the WCG volunteer program on a rolling basis. Procesed data will ultimately be available from 1 June 2018 until 31 May 2019. Simulations are expected to be complete in mid-2022. Processed data are avaialbe at a 1-hour time interval.

---------------

Spatial resolution
------------------

Processed data will available, initially, at 1-km resolution.
